README.md, before:

# Payday 2 Experience Calculator

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## This app was made with HTML, CSS3, JS (ReactJS, styled-components) 

# Sources 📌
* Images: [FBI Files](https://fbi.paydaythegame.com/)
* Fonts: Google Fonts (Open Sans, Exo 2, Source Code Pro, Calligraffitti, Permanent Marker), sans-serif

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

Commit message:

Bunch of changes, new heist
Repathing for polaroids,
added 404 error page,
added readme with images,
split components that were in objects.js,
added new heist Hostile Takeover

README.md, after:

# Payday 2 Experience Calculator

![readme-title](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68278690/220768532-5c1bd509-0ffa-4b92-8db3-b744505eb678.png)

## This app was made with HTML, CSS3, JS (ReactJS, styled-components) 

## ❓ What can I find in this app?
This application will allow you to choose any of the available maps in the game Payday 2 and check detailed information about the allocation of experience points after successfully completing a heist, and will show you the increase in your experience level!

## ⭐ How can I use this app?
You can download source code and run with node or check [live demo](https://github.com/talalajla/talalajla.github.io).
In addition, the application includes a subpage (you can find it on the navbar) with a tutorial that describes how to use it properly.

## 🖼️ Screenshots
* Homescreen

![readme-screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68278690/220776556-8c9eaa92-2694-4455-b685-a4a3d08f7210.jpg)

* Example data form of heist

![readme-screenshot2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68278690/220776560-dbbcc280-c9de-481c-9bb6-6568369f8c7b.jpg)

## 📌 Sources 
* Images: [FBI Files](https://fbi.paydaythegame.com/)
* Fonts: Google Fonts (Open Sans, Exo 2, Source Code Pro, Calligraffitti, Permanent Marker), sans-serif
